docs(ci): expand introduction to CI workflows (#10291)
paradigmxyz/reth: docs/repo/ci.md

- **[deny]**: Runs `cargo deny` to check for license conflicts and security advisories in our dependencies
- **[release]**: Runs the release workflow

> - **[release-dist]**: Publishes Reth to external package managers
> - **[dependencies]**: Runs `cargo update` periodically to keep dependencies current
> - **[stale]**: Marks issues as stale if there has been no activity
> 
> ### Maintenance
> 
> - **[docker]**: Publishes the Docker image.
> - **[assertoor]**: Runs Assertoor tests on Reth pairs.
> - **[hive]**: Runs `ethereum/hive` tests.

Reviewer: I would split it like this
```suggestion
- **[release-dist]**: Publishes Reth to external package managers
- **[dependencies]**: Runs `cargo update` periodically to keep dependencies current
- **[stale]**: Marks issues as stale if there has been no activity
- **[docker]**: Publishes the Docker image.

### Integration Testing

- **[assertoor]**: Runs Assertoor tests on Reth pairs.
- **[hive]**: Runs `ethereum/hive` tests.
```

Author: Nice!
